Dear audience, today Yen will
share about the benefits of having a
Buddhist community for practice.
The first principle in our Buddhist practice community
is that we have no
connection to money.  We're just going to become monks together
.  We will
establish a Buddhist center.
There is a head monk and deputy head monks; the head and
deputy head monks are responsible for organizing
transportation for us to go on our pilgrimage.  They arranged transportation for
us to go to the monastery.  We invite monks from the
temple to come and help our family whenever
we have important events or matters to attend to.  And when the
monks come to help our family, there's
no need for offerings, okay?  That means
if someone in our family is sick or needs to perform a
funeral rite, the head and deputy head of the Buddhist group
will invite the monks.  The monks who come will
help the family.  Families who wish to make
offerings can do so at their own discretion; it's
not about
how much money one has to spend to invite the monks.  That's
not the case.  When we are in the meditation
hall, we must first understand everything.  The
monks will assist us with all matters
related to the spiritual life
of each Buddhist follower who is on the list of practitioners at
the temples affiliated with the monastery.  That
's about money, it's not related
.  It's entirely up to you.  For example, today
my family has an event and I want to pick up some incense sticks to offer at the
altar.  So the head monk began to
check how many houses there were.  It's best to invite the masters on
a specific day; they have to perform the ritual.  If we do
that, then we're not making an offering
.  And each of us can donate as
much as we wish to the temple.  Those who
don't want to make offerings don't have to.  That's up to each
person.  And the teachers are the ones who will help
all of us.  Because
monks don't use the money that bequeathed to them by
donors, they
use that money to buy cars,
buy gasoline, and hire drivers
to serve the people.  It just keeps going in
circles like that.  One person relies
on another, and one person relies on yet
another.  So, the people who came before us made offerings,
and they left that money for the monks
to turn into temples.  Then there are the means
to serve the newcomers.  When this newcomer
makes a donation, the temple is renovated and restored to
serve those who come after.  That's how
we keep going in a cycle, and the teachers don't get paid.
Therefore, Buddhist scriptures teach that monks
only serve to transform merit for the benefit of sentient beings
.  When we make offerings, our money is
transformed into a temple for others to come and practice
Buddhism.  I also came to practice meditation and transformed
into all sorts of things, and then used them to
benefit the world.  Once
ordained as bhikkhus, monks eat only
one vegetarian meal a day.  The fact that the
monks only eat one meal a day pales in comparison to the amount of
labor they put into their spiritual practice and their
dedication to serving sentient beings.  If we were to
call it a salary in the real world, these
teachers wouldn't even receive one-tenth of the labor they
put in.  Therefore, all the
money we donate to the temple is used by
the monks to build the temple, renovate statues, and
cast bells for the devotees from all directions.  Then the
monks release animals into the wild, give
Dharma lectures, print scriptures, do charity work, and dedicate the merits
back to the donors.
So, the teachers are just messengers.
That means transferring this money
to us.  Therefore, we can make
offerings according to our means.  All the other
things that the teachers did for me were
never worth a price.  And the monks don't take
money; you can donate as much as you like, according to your own
wishes.  Whether or not to make offerings
is entirely up to the family.  To make it
clear, we can
tell our relatives, "I'm going to become a monk at the
Golden Temple, and we don't have to
pay any fees."  And when we go to
Ba Vang Pagoda, we'll split the transportation costs fairly.
For example, if the total rental fee is 15,000, and 15 people go,
then each person pays 1,000. This is collected to cover the
transportation costs, and at the temple, people can donate as
much as they like.  So, it's clear now, so that later when
we join the Buddhist community, we'll know that the
leaders don't collect any
money at all.  If the temple has a fund,
what is the temple's fund used for?
That is, as taught in Buddhist scriptures,
in the article on successful business,
someone asked the Buddha why some people
succeed in business and why some
people fail.  The
Buddha taught that in a previous life,
someone promised to make offerings to monks, that is,
to teachers.  So, after they
make a promise, and they fulfill it, they
will be blessed that whatever they plan to do,
they will succeed.
As for those who made promises but didn't offer sacrifices,
they were very calculating, but when it came time to
do it, things didn't go as planned.
As for those who initially calculate so
little but achieve
greater success later on, it's because they
promised to make offerings to the monks, but when it came time to make the offerings, they ended up
giving more than
they promised.  So, their good fortune
is that when they initially planned to just do business
like this, they ended up
developing it into a whole chain.  Go for
it.  Then there are those who are
struggling financially because they do not give alms
or make offerings to monks, and
therefore their businesses are very difficult and their finances are
nonexistent.  That is due to the merit of giving alms and
making offerings.  So, starting from this sutra,
we begin to establish a fund where
we promise to make a
donation of a certain amount each month.  The blessing
is that once we have transformed economically, even if
we are reborn in the next life and have not yet
reached paradise or
escaped the cycle of reincarnation, we will be reborn
as humans again.  Only when we are
not financially constrained can we find
peace and practice our spiritual path.  Being too poor prevents one from having the
peace and stability to practice spiritual cultivation.
That's it, if you're feeling too stressed or frustrated, that's not allowed
.  When joining a Buddhist temple, it is not
necessary to pay a fee.
Entering a Buddhist temple is solely for the purpose of practicing spiritual cultivation.
And this fund is the fund that reflects my
understanding of the cause and effect of blessings.
So, there's the second fund we have when we
join the Buddhist community: the fund for visiting and supporting each
other when we're sick.  There, damn it.  So, that means
we'll have more kind and good friends.  That
means good people only invite each other to do
good deeds, but these people no longer invite
each other to do evil deeds.  No going out to party
, sing, eat, drink, or
carouse.  We should not associate with evil friends,
but only with good friends.  Well,
we can use this fund as an example, for illnesses and
surgeries.  Normally, if each person contributes
10,000 dong, we can visit
our friend, just like any other
relationship in real life.  When someone in a family has
an event, all of us fellow practitioners
divide ourselves into different areas to
help each other.  For example, if someone is sick,
we can come and chant prayers and offer support
to each other.  Later, we will separate them from the group
according to the route.  The route
with the most people will have a large number of
people in that group.  And each group will
elect a group leader.  So, all
these group leaders will receive training in
chanting and performing rituals; they'll get
training for doing those ceremonies.  That means they will receive
assistance in their studies.  As for the scriptures,
we practice according to the scriptures at the temple.  That's how
we help each other.  As for
illness, it's a
bit more serious than in real life.  For example, if
a family member of a Buddhist
practitioner is sick and living alone,
we in the community will assign each person
to help look after them for one day.  If one out of 20 people is
sick, then it will be 20
days already.  Since we have few children and live in
very difficult circumstances,
could we each take one day off?
Would that be feasible
?
You can do it!  That's where we are superior to
others, allowing us to cultivate a
compassionate heart.  Since we are human beings,
we must know how to accumulate merit.  We
pool our money for charity, to give alms to the
sick, the poor, and the suffering.  So
we'll do it right here in the
temple.  For example, let's say this guy's mother
is sick, and the illness is very serious.
Therefore, our congregation will cut down
one person each day, eventually reaching one hundred.  Even if his mother
were bedridden for three years, there would
still be someone to look after her
, but he lacked the means and
money to give alms to the sick.
We should use our own efforts to
help one person in each household each day
.  So, this is the merit of
giving alms, so that in future lives we will be free from
illness, our family will be
freed from the karma of illness, and we
ourselves will be freed from the karma of
illness.  In the next life, be reborn as a healthy person who
does not kill indiscriminately and can care for
the sick.  This is beneficial
for those practicing in the monastery.
If I practice alone, I won't receive
this blessing and benefit.  No, there aren't
any.  That's the reason why I
founded this Buddhist center.  This isn't difficult; it's
very easy to do.  When I come to take
care of the patient, I try to see if my heart feels
love for the patient, if I feel the same
love as I would for my own family. Only then will
I know if my heart is filled with compassion and
equality.  There.  But usually, during the day,
I just praise the great compassion and love for all
living beings.  But in truth, what does
n't belong to me is what belongs to the Buddha.
But when I established this Buddhist center, what I
learned from the Buddha became the compassion in
my heart.  That's when we go to take care of
the sick; that's when we know in our hearts whether we have
compassion or not.  For example, with
family members, it's a grudge that needs
to be settled, meaning paying off a debt.  But it was only when I went to
care for the people in the Buddhist community that I
realized whether my heart truly gave
without expecting anything in return.  Can you release your pent-up
emotions with that?  Great joy, great letting go.
This is the heart that cares for
one's family; as long as that is love, then
caring for one's family is something one must do
.  Whether you like it or not, you have to
take care of it.  However, when caring for
strangers and caring for one's own family are
balanced, and one finds that both are
equally loving, then
one's own family will no longer become an object of attachment, and
neither will the stranger.
I can say upfront to
everyone that my heart is filled with equal compassion.  Only with
equality can it be called compassion;
without equality, it cannot be called
compassion.  That way, we can love
all living beings as if they were our own family
.  At that time, I could say that
during the process of practicing, I saw my
mind transform.  I can love
all living beings as I love my own family
.  These are my honest words.
Without a Dharma center, we cannot
accomplish this.  Right?  It's
impossible to say that I'm a monk.  To be considered a
true practitioner, one's own mind must be able to
perceive the transformation within it
.
This is a very important meritorious deed
when we care for the sick
in the Buddhist community.  Whether it's the parents,
children, or spouses of members
of the community who are ill, we can
help them.  That's another benefit of
establishing a Buddhist center.
There's an even greater,
more outstanding benefit: wherever we are reborn in the next life,
we will be born into a place
where our relatives and family are kind and
virtuous people.
I have a spiritual practice group where I cultivate myself
daily, directing my thoughts towards virtuous people.
I often remember virtuous people, and
I frequently create connections and perform
meritorious deeds with them.  Therefore, I'm certain that in my
next life I'll be born into a family of kind and
virtuous people.  I
would be happier if I could work with kind people than if I were
born into a world surrounded by
evil people, people who wouldn't
love or share with me.
In Buddhism, this part is
explained like this:
if your mind is constantly
attached to something, that is, if it has a
direction towards something, then it is called attachment.  For example,
in real life, if my grandparents like
the color blue, it means they really like it.  I like
blue, I like red, right?  In
Buddhism, it is called attachment, which means liking or clinging.
The thing you like that your heart is always drawn to, that's the direction
you'll lean towards when you die.
My heart is always directed towards the teachings
of the Buddha.  If our hearts are always directed towards
people with kind and good hearts, then after we
die we will be reborn in places where there are
people with kind and good hearts.  What
if our minds are usually drawn to
people with negative intentions, for example, if we
only like hanging out with friends, partying,
drinking, and
constantly criticizing and condemning,
meaning we're always talking about gossip and slander
?  Then in the next life, you will be born into the
company of such people so that you will have to
pay the price of suffering.  There.  That's
why they say that
whichever way the tree leans, when it finally falls, it will
fall in that direction.  Our hearts often
lean towards the Buddha's teachings, towards
self-
cultivation, and towards self-reflection so that
we can change our thoughts, words, and
actions to be virtuous, thus being reborn as a
human being in the next life.  We will
go to that place so we can practice.
That's a huge benefit of
us establishing a meditation center for our
practice.  The day of observing the Eight Precepts is a
day when the merit and blessings are immense.
Yen also briefly explained why the merit and
blessings are so great, saying that on the day of the
Eight Precepts practice, we observe all eight precepts
.  Then the world will lead us to
blessings.
If we visit this temple one day, we will avoid
killing, and thus we will eliminate negative
karma, which will benefit our health.  Because
we have committed many acts of killing and harming living beings in many past lives,
our health is
not good now.  If there was no theft that day,
then there was no theft at all.
Absolutely.  Then we will be able to eliminate
the karma accumulated over many lifetimes of
deceiving, stealing, and robbing
others.  Actually, I've stolen a lot in this lifetime
.  Little Yen also used to steal
fruit from the neighbor's trees.
Therefore, it's probably very rare to say that we don't
steal.  It's only because
kids nowadays don't have the
opportunity to steal that we still steal. Back then, when our
parents were working, dozens of kids in our neighborhood would
steal fruit from one house to another. We'd
just go steal from each other's houses,
but we still had the intention to
steal. For example, Yen's house had a guava tree.
Yen would tell the
neighborhood kids, "Mom's gone, Mom's gone," and then
we'd all go in and steal from
our own house. The next day we'd steal from
another house, meaning we'd steal in turn. But it was still
stealing.  The jackfruit tree in our yard is ripening
.  If my mother picks them, they won't taste good.
But once Mom leaves, we'll organize a
trip to steal some food from our house, take it over there, and
boil it. When Mom comes home tonight and asks, we'll all deny it,
but it'll taste delicious.
Therefore, stealing is better than receiving something for
free.  That's how it was when I was a child.  But
the students in the new class now
don't experience that.  But then he
stole money to play video games.   He
also stole a lot of things.  Okay then.
On that day, if we vow to
uphold the precepts and refrain from stealing,
we will eliminate the karma of
wasting wealth.  So, our assets
haven't been depleted.  As for the loss of wealth, the
Buddha taught that it goes through seven doors,
those doors of evil.  Water flowing, half-
burned, theft.  If we get
scammed out of everything in business, it's just like
theft.  Theft,
corruption, destructive behavior, disease, and things
we miscalculate—
loss of property.  Not stealing is the
second precept, and since we are in the temple, we
have no inclination to steal; we only give.
There.  Thirdly, we don't lie
about practicing meditation; nobody talks about anything
other than the practice itself.  Leaving aside
gossip and rumors, this and that.
Anyone who goes to the temple to practice asceticism for a day and then tells
this story or that story, bringing up
family matters, will lose the grace to maintain strict adherence to the
precepts.  On the day we return to practice meditation, we should
not talk about this person or
that person so that we can uphold the
precepts.  But if we continue to
gossip about this person and
that person, it's because they don't know the
truth, and sometimes it turns into slander, which can lead to losing
that moral compass.  In this way,
we can eliminate the negative
karma of being slandered or subjected to
gossip by others.  The suffering that arises
if a woman has a husband but was cruel to him in a previous life,
causing him to misunderstand
her in this life, can be resolved by eliminating that karma.
If we go to the temple and maintain a solemn atmosphere, only
discussing Dharma and not talking about
personal matters, family affairs, or
anything else, then on the eighth day of the lunar month,
we should not talk about it.
Only serious discussions about morality can take place.  If anyone
tells me that this girl is like that,
I absolutely won't listen. I know that if I do,
I'll have the chance to have my vows broken by someone
.  So, as Yen only mentioned,
we usually practice meditation on the 18th day of the lunar month, so
we don't hear about the stories we practice on the 8th day; they're just stories one
person tells another, and
that person tells the first.  I
tell stories about myself, about my husband, my children, all sorts of
things.  Who knows, maybe she'll say she hates
her husband and exaggerate, and I'll just nod and that'll be the end of me
.  Why
is it said that morals have been lost?  It's because I didn't
see and speak my true feelings that I couldn't eliminate
my karma; breaking the precepts is
n't a sin.  The only problem is that even though
I've become a monk, I haven't received any blessings
.  If you still violate the precepts, it's because you've
created bad karma, and you'll have to bear the consequences.
Therefore, on the 18th day of the lunar month, one should absolutely not
listen to anything other than questions about
Buddhist teachings to gain understanding.  Don't listen to anyone who keeps
talking to you like this or that
.  He said, "Today I'm going to become a monk and have a
son to keep the precepts for him
so that he can fulfill them completely and receive blessings and merit."
Therefore, if we don't lie,
we will eliminate negative karma on that day
.  If someone is in
business, they'll be less likely to be
scammed out of their money.  That means
we're not lying.  Then,
if the couple has had disagreements over many lifetimes and are
now arguing, on that day, don't
say anything to dedicate the merit, and it will help to eliminate the karma of the arguments
between the two of them.
That's just not convenient.  Therefore,
we must be very careful with our speech that day so that
all negative karma related to
speech will be eliminated.  For example, if you
have a disobedient child who argues a lot, if you observe the precepts and maintain strict discipline on that day, you can
transform
a part of that karma.  So, the monastic order is taking a
son.  As for those who are not addicted to drugs or
vices, we should maintain that precept so
that we can have intelligence and wisdom.
Its wisdom expands, eliminating the
karmic ignorance it will later accumulate.  There.  And then there
's the matter of not wearing makeup.  If
we have accumulated that karma over many lifetimes,
then we are now practicing it for one
day.  From the beginning of my life until now, I have been too obsessed with lust
.  On that day, when we don't wear
makeup, we will eliminate that negative karma
.  There.  Because by observing the eight precepts, one can
escape the cycle of reincarnation.  The Eight Precepts and the Eight
Sons enable people to escape the cycle of
reincarnation.  To escape the cycle of reincarnation is to escape being reborn as an
animal, a hungry ghost, in hell, or in heaven.
We've all escaped.  Eight precepts.
Then the rule was not to watch or listen to singing.   This is
n't Buddhist singing, mind you, it
's just singing.  When we watch or listen to
singing, our minds often experience various
emotions.
This attachment will lead to clinging, even
to one
's homeland and country. We can escape this
attachment to our birthplace, the place where
we were born. Then, when we listen to
songs about love,
our minds become tainted and we cannot escape. This is called
practicing the Eight Precepts, which allows
us to be reborn in the Western Pure Land.
This eliminates karmic obstacles
in the present life, allowing us to be reborn in the
Western Pure Land. When practicing the Eight Precepts,
worldly karma is eliminated,
creating the conditions for us to escape the cycle of reincarnation.
Another precept is not to eat at inappropriate
times and not to sleep on a high bed
at night.  So, when we don't eat at inappropriate times, it
means we only eat one meal a day
, lunch, and in the evening we
drink milk so that we can live a
life of moderation and contentment.
This life of moderation and contentment prevents us from becoming
greedy.  That's not dependent.
Have we squandered our wealth in many lifetimes
?
Eating and drinking wastefully involves many things.  Now,
let's eat one meal a day like that to
eliminate those karmic debts.
Then we become less greedy in ourselves when it
comes to food.  Now, if
we find this dish unappetizing, we
eat something else, and that's why we kill all kinds of animals—it's all
because of our gluttony.  Stone.  So
now we must eliminate the
karma from our past lives, which involved killing
many kinds of living beings to feed and nourish
this body; then we will be able to eliminate it.  As for the
precept against sleeping on a high, luxurious bed, if
we simply sleep alone
without such a bed,
we will eliminate the karma accumulated over
many lifetimes from doing
unwholesome things within the precept against lust.
So we practice to transform
those karmic consequences.  So, if a family has
many sons who practice the Eight Precepts, then
we can also eliminate negative influences from them.  As
for the elderly, they will attain a noble life in the next reincarnation
.  So, these eight precepts of the Eightfold
Path are eight precepts that bring great
benefits to oneself.  Therefore, on the day of the
Eight Precepts practice, Buddhists who
live far away should arrange their time to come back and practice
for one day.  The next day I'll
break my vows at home.  So, Yen
also explained in more detail the merits and
blessings of practicing the Eight Precepts
.  According to the book, we, the Sangha, go to practice asceticism
and observe the Eight Precepts at the
temple, which means we are abandoning
our home and leaving it to go somewhere else.
If we were to go to the West,
would we have to abandon this house
?   Have
.  Therefore, let's practice leaving this house and
going to the house of the Tathagata.  Leaving behind one's home and worldly
attachments, one comes to the house of the Tathagata
with the intention of seeking the Dharma and the precepts.  Even if we are reborn
in the Pure Land,
we must be determined to be close to the
Buddhas and to hear their teachings.
Therefore, we need to cultivate that inner self,
instead of just
wanting to stay home all day.  Then, even at the moment of death, one will
never be able to leave because one has not
cultivated the ability to leave one's home.
When I practice the Eight Precepts,
I feel joyful; when I don't,
I feel a sense of loss.  Only then can
our minds be said to be directed towards the precepts
of the Buddha.  There, heading towards a place of tranquility.
As for me, I'm going to practice the Eight Precepts of Buddhism.
I need to hurry so I can get back.
Whenever the Buddhist followers quickly leave in the afternoon,
I will shift my mindset back to
repentance.  And I long for my child to return
home because of family ties.
These are the responsibilities of life that I must shoulder.
My heart is still focused on practicing for
liberation.  In this practice of liberation,
if your mind is directed in this way,
then much of your worldly karma will be
eliminated, allowing you to escape
it very quickly.  When we are faced
with such mandatory tasks, is
illness also a form of obligation?
Should a misbehaving child be bound by a strict upbringing?
Therefore, if we want to escape
all worldly constraints, we ourselves
must cultivate the capacity to break free from those constraints
in order to achieve liberation.
[music]